docs: Iterate on the OTel Engine Documentation (#5404)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/cli/otel.md

### Optionally Running the Default Engine

The Alloy Collector Distro includes the option to run pipelines using the Default Engine alongside the OTel Engine using the built in Alloy Engine extension.

This will run a Default Engine pipeline _in parallel_ to the OTel Engine pipeline - the two pipelines cannot natively interact.

### Examples

> Concrete examples on running the OTel Engine and Alloy Engine Extension can be found in [Getting Started](../../open-telemetry/get-started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Concrete examples on running the OTel Engine and Alloy Engine Extension can be found in [Getting Started](../../open-telemetry/get-started/).
```

### Optionally Running the Default Engine

The Alloy Collector Distro includes the option to run pipelines using the Default Engine alongside the OTel Engine using the built-in Alloy Engine extension.

This will run a Default Engine pipeline _in parallel_ to the OTel Engine pipeline - the two pipelines cannot natively interact.

### Examples

> Concrete examples on running the OTel Engine and Alloy Engine Extension can be found in [Getting Started](../../open-telemetry/get-started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Get Started](../../../open-telemetry/get-started/) for examples that show you how to run the OTel Engine and Alloy Engine Extension.
```
